[MUSIC PLAYING]
SPEAKER 1: Hey
look, so today we're
going to talk about keeping an
eye on your JavaScript bundle
size.
SPEAKER 2: Very, very important.
We've already been hit on
that by a number of projects.
SPEAKER 1: A number of projects.
So there are a few different
ways that you can do this.
If your project's
on GitHub and you
care about things like
continuous integration,
there's a nice
little package called
Bundle Size you can drop in.
SPEAKER 2: It's also a CLI, so
you can use it locally as well.
SPEAKER 1: Also CLI.
And the idea behind
Bundle Size is
that once you've got it
configured, you can say well,
I've got these bundles.
I've got like a vendor bundle.
I've got my main
application and logic ones.
And I don't want those bundles
to exceed a certain size.
And so if people are filing
PRs against your project,
it's very easy to see
where they're falling off,
tell them hey, this is crossing
our budget for JavaScript
bundle size, please
make your code smaller.
SPEAKER 2: The nice
thing is, well, I
think it actually reports
like what the PR size would
be in terms of a particular--
like this file is this size,
this file is this size.
Even if you're not
reaching your threshold,
maybe you could
say actually this
is a huge jump compared
to what I saw last PR.
The other side, it doesn't
have to be a bundle, right?
Like you could just say
this JavaScript file,
what size is it.
SPEAKER 1: Yeah
SPEAKER 2: Yeah.
Just checking.
SPEAKER 1: No, it's all good.
It's pretty nice.
And it works off of
[INAUDIBLE] sizes as well.
So you get a picture into what
the final size might look like.
SPEAKER 2: Nice.
SPEAKER 1: So Bundle Size
took me like only 10 minutes
to set up on one of my
apps, fairly low friction,
mostly works off your
package.JSON file.
Folks, check it out.
You've been looking at
some of the stuff too.
SPEAKER 2: Yeah, so
with Workbox we kind of
have a file size
kind of concern.
And we've been trying to
figure out how we can actually
stay on top of it because we
kind of did all this work,
we released this thing.
And now we're like, cool,
what is the actual file
size of this.
And it's not where
we'd like it to be.
So we're working on
a rewrite and part
of that is let's get it into
RCIs so that way we can just,
whenever we do a PR, what is the
current size, what is it now.
And it's super nice,
the idea I think
we took from Mohsen at
Lyft, where he's actually
like written a little
bot that would say,
this is the change for this PR.
Has it gone down?
Has it gone up?
And started flagging thresholds
around the percentage
of increase or decrease.
So I've been making my
own little bot thing
so we can do the same thing, and
maybe some additional stuff as
well, with little plug-ins.
The idea is just to
help with tracking
like what is master, what
is this pull request doing,
and then adding those
similar sort of thresholds.
SPEAKER 1: Great.
And one of the nice
things about that is it's
able to show you the
before and after cost
for every single file.
SPEAKER 2: Yeah.
Like, I don't know,
I think Mohsen's one
was the first one
where I've actually
seen it was like, oh, that
actually totally makes sense.
You should definitely have that.
And everyone should just
have it in their CI.
SPEAKER 1: I would love
to see more people,
like more teams integrating
this into their workflow.
I just think it's really tight.
And another thing Lyft
had been doing is,
so we talked about
Lighthouse and CI
in one of our last
episodes, they're
combining sort of
bundle size impact
measurement with Lighthouse
measurements as well.
So keep an eye on
all their fronts,
just kind of nice to see.
SPEAKER 2: It's
almost as if there's
a tool that would take
plug-ins and run it on GitHub
would just be super
useful right now.
SPEAKER 1: It would.
It would.
So another thing you can do
if you're locally developing
is we worked on this
feature with Webpack
called Performance Budgets.
And the idea is that you're
able to set the budgets that you
want you and your team to follow
for your different bundles.
So by default, Webpack
uses a bundle size
of about 250 kilobytes.
Your team might have something
a little bit more specific,
little bit smaller,
little bit larger.
But this feature is just
great for every time you're
working on a change,
you're trying
to do a local build, just
being able to make sure
that you're not exceeding your
team's budgets quite as much
as you could be.
SPEAKER 2: So this would
do this at build time.
And presumably-- does
it throw an error
or does it still let
you build and deploy,
but it's just flagging
it as an issue?
SPEAKER 1: So it
can do a warning.
It can also throw it as an
error is my understanding.
So you've got your
bases covered there.
So that's Wepack's
Performance Budget features.
Something we saw this
week that was kind of neat
was another tool called-- it's
a plug-in for Visual Studio
Code called the VS Code
Import Cost Extension.
And one of the really
nice things about this
is that it can display
in line in your editor
as you're working on your
code like the cost of imports
as you're working on them.
So it shows you
like a little bit
of a comment at the
very end of a line that
says like [INAUDIBLE]
is 70 kilobytes.
SPEAKER 2: I was
going to say, this
is like highlighting the
issue that we flagged up
a couple of episodes ago around
using particular plug-ins
to help you get around
certain file size things.
And this is a
really nice example
where it actually flags it
like right in your editor which
is awesome.
SPEAKER 1: And this is running
like the [INAUDIBLE] Webpack
plug-in behind the scenes.
So it's for ES module
style packages,
it's going to at
least be giving you
an approximate for what
the minified size is
going to look like.
We've also been talking to
them about maybe highlighting
the [INAUDIBLE] size, but it's
still a good gut check for now.
SPEAKER 2: Yeah.
I don't know.
I think anything where it
immediately makes you think,
OK, I'm about to require
this third party module,
it's instantly
like, well, this is
the hit you're incurring
from that, which
is really nice, really useful.
SPEAKER 1: So we talked
about continuous integration.
We talked about what
you can do locally.
Another thing folks
might benefit from
is being able to measure
like in production
what the impact of their
bundle sizes are over time.
Two good services for this
are Speedcurve and Caliber.
SPEAKER 2: These are kind
of tools where you say,
this is my website.
And they'll keep on pinging
it on a regular basis, run
a load of tests on them,
and then kind of report
on an ongoing basis.
Right?
SPEAKER 1: Pretty much.
Yeah.
So one of the nice
things about Caliber
is that you're able to
specify your target devices.
You can say, well, yeah,
I'm targeting desktop.
I'm targeting these
mobile devices.
And it'll be able to show you
your bundle size over time,
like your JavaScript that
you're sending down to people.
SPEAKER 2: So that's
super handy if you're
like basically sending
down different assets based
on media queries or user
agents or what have you.
SPEAKER 1: Exactly.
SPEAKER 2: Nice.
SPEAKER 1: So if a
member of your team
accidentally pushes
out a feature that's
got a lot of JavaScript in there
that's going to decrease time
to interactive, have an impact
on your page performance--
SPEAKER 2: Or if they push
out a pull request that
means that everything is way
faster because the bundle
size is smaller.
Let's be positive.
SPEAKER 1: Yeah.
Yeah.
That as well.
Good way to see
both wins and places
where you should probably cry.
But Caliber's really great
for checking that stuff out.
So hopefully folks have
got their bases covered.
If they want to check the stuff
out locally, they've got it.
SPEAKER 2: They got the CLI.
They got the pull requests.
And then they've got actual
production regular testing.
And it's worth saying it's
worth doing this stuff upfront,
because a little
bit of effort now
should help you in the
long term because it's just
regular tracking.
There's no babysitting.
It's just letting you
know of these things,
so you should definitely
check these tools out.
SPEAKER 1: Yeah.
These tools are
awesome for helping.
Just make sure you're
shipping the minimal amount
of JavaScript to your users
to [INAUDIBLE] that work
until a later point in time.
But, yeah, try them out.
Let us know what you think.
SPEAKER 2: Thanks